src/app/tutorials/page.mdx, before:

export const metadata = {
  title: 'Tutorials',
  description:
    'Tutorials and documentation for developers on the Neo blockchain.',
}

# Tutorials

Tutorials and documentation for developers on the Neo blockchain.

## Neo Developers Portal

The official [developers portal](https://developers.neo.org/tutorials) managed by Neo contains a bunch of tutorials from the community.

## CryptoZombies

CryptoZombies has a [course](https://cryptozombies.io/en/neo) about Neo which includes:

- Intro to Smart Contract Development in Neo (C#)
- CLI Mastery - Unleash the Power of Neo Name Service!

## Linkd Academy

A project funded by [GrantShares](/grants), [Linkd Academy](https://linkd.academy) will release a course about Neo blockchain development.

A library (WIP) about Neo Blockchain Development from Linkd Academy can be found [here](https://linkd.academy/en-us/library/neo-documentation/) covering topics such as:

- Neo Blockchain Toolkit Documentation
- Data Types (in Neo)

## Mercurial Apps

WIP. [Documentation](https://neo-docs.mercurialapps.com) of a Neo N3 dapp developer's learnings.

Commit message:

Reference tutorials from smart contract page

src/app/tutorials/page.mdx, after:

export const metadata = {
  title: 'Tutorials',
  description:
    'Tutorials and documentation for developers on the Neo blockchain.',
}

# Tutorials

Tutorials and documentation for developers on the Neo blockchain.

## Neo Developers Portal

The official [developers portal](https://developers.neo.org/tutorials) managed by Neo contains a bunch of tutorials from the community.

More tutorials and documentation from the Neo development community can be found on the [Smart Contract](/smartcontract) page

## CryptoZombies

CryptoZombies has a [course](https://cryptozombies.io/en/neo) about Neo which includes:

- Intro to Smart Contract Development in Neo (C#)
- CLI Mastery - Unleash the Power of Neo Name Service!

## Linkd Academy

A project funded by [GrantShares](/grants), [Linkd Academy](https://linkd.academy) will release a course about Neo blockchain development.

A library (WIP) about Neo Blockchain Development from Linkd Academy can be found [here](https://linkd.academy/en-us/library/neo-documentation/) covering topics such as:

- Neo Blockchain Toolkit Documentation
- Data Types (in Neo)

## Mercurial Apps

WIP. [Documentation](https://neo-docs.mercurialapps.com) of a Neo N3 dapp developer's learnings.
